after working on controls I knew we were
gonna expand our world up in here before
this is too important
it's got to be great but coming in again
as executive music producer I just got
incredibly excited I felt like a kid
again Oh y'all got me set up now we
don't slack just was open to trying new
things and letting me try new things as
well I like this rhyme scheme you got
going on the second half yep
[Music]
that song is so much good energy it
reminds you that there's no moment like
now the other side is a song that broke
with Ludwig and Max Martin and Sarah
Aaron's and we brought in someone that
I've been a big fan of for a long time
scissor trying to get this rhythm in
your head on Willie skies she crushed
that it came out really really great
[Music]
love it
just saying is our big moment you'll get
to hear all these different musical
genres being part of one song the beauty
of working on music for animated films
is you can be as far out as you want to
be from the trolls sunglasses where
everything goes rainbow
[Applause]
[Music]